Chapter 1: Section 1.1
All these Chapter 1 Review exercises are optional.
If it helps you, you can do them, if you do not need
to review the material much, browse thru this chapter
and go on to chapter 2.

1.1 Welcome to Assembly Language

1.1.3 Section Review
Do 5 of the review exercises. 
This is a minimum number, you can do more.

This chapter covers basic principles about computer architecture, machine language, and low-level programming.




Chapter 1: Section 1.2
All these Chapter 1 Review exercises are optional.
If it helps you, you can do them, if you do not need
to review the material much, browse thru this chapter
and go on to chapter 2.

1.2 Virtual Machine Concept

1.2.2 Section Review
Do 5 of the review exercises. 
This is a minimum number, you can do more.
=================
Abbreviations: What do these stand for?
CPU
I/O
IBM
The answer is in the next exercise.




Chapter 1: Section 1.3
1.3 Data Representation

1.3.7 Section Review

Do 10 of the review exercises. 
This is a minimum number, you can do more.

You need to study this section carefully, and understand the material 
or you will not be able to do the programming exercises in later chapters.

Abbreviations: answers 
CPU: The Central Processing Unit (CPU) is the portion of a computer system 
that carries out the instructions of a computer program.
I/O: In computing, input/output, or I/O, refers to the communication between 
an information processing system (such as a computer), and the outside world.
IBM: International Business Machines Corporation is a multinational computer 
technology corporation. The company is one of the few information technology 
companies with a continuous history dating back to the 19th century.




Chapter 1: Section 1.4
1.4 Boolean Operations

1.4.2 Section Review
Do 5 of the review exercises.

You have now finished an overview of computer hardware and general information 
about low-level programming that would be useful for programming in any assembly 
language.

It is important you study this chapter enough so you understand the material covered, 
or the next few chapters will be very difficult for you.

What I am trying to tell you is that if you do not understand the material covered 
in this chapter, you will waste a lot of time in later chapters.
